In this lecture, I'm going to introduce you to API Gateways and the Spring Cloud Gateway, an API gateway
creates a unified entry point that cloud applications can use to access MICRA services.
It acts as a reverse proxy that reads the HTTP requests that are made by clients to the correct backing
micro services API gateways can also perform other important functions, such as client authentication,
load balancing and SSL termination.
Sprinklered.
Gateway provides a library for building an API gateway on top of spring NVC.
It provides a simple and effective way to route incoming requests to the appropriate destination using
Gateway Handly Mapping Sprinklered Gateway users Naty Server to provide non blocking asynchronous request
processing.
Now, let's look at how the sprinklered Gateway works, client applications would typically make request
to sprinklered Gateway if the Gateway handler mapping determines that request matches an API gateway
route, it is sent to the Gateway Web handler.
This handler runs the request through a photo chain that is specific to the request.
The reason the filters are divided by the dotted line is that filters can run logic both before and
after the proxy request is sent.
All prefill to logic is executed.
Then the proxy request is made.
After the proxy request is made, the post filter logic is executed.
Let's look at what you are going to learn in the section, you're going to learn how to create an API
gateway with sprinklered Gateway, then you will learn how to configure API gateway routes.
And then finally, you're going to test the API gateway routes after you've configured them.